Typo fixes and re-formatting etc. (#17)
SPAAM-community/intro-to-ancient-metagenomics-book: bare-bones-bash.qmd

#### Datastreams

Computer programs can take in and spit out data from different _streams_ (@fig-Datastreams). By
default there are 3 such data streams.

- `stdin` : the **st**an**d**ard **in**put
- `stdout`: the **st**an**d**ard **out**put
- `stderr`: the **st**an**d**ard **err**or

> ![Diagram showing stdin going into the program, and two output streams from the program: stderr and stdout](assets/images/chapters/bare-bones-bash/Datastreams.png){#fig-Datastreams width=80% fig-align="center"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram showing stdin going into the program, and two output streams from the program: stderr and stdout.](assets/images/chapters/bare-bones-bash/Datastreams.png){#fig-Datastreams width=80% fig-align="center"}
```

printed to the screen, but most often this is the information that needs to be
saved in an output file.  
The `stderr` is the datastream where errors and warnings go. This gets printed
to your terminal to let you know when something is not going according to plan (@fig-Datastream_showcase)!

> ![This program in the form of a bash script executed in the terminal takes no input, and prints one line to the stdout and one line to the stderr.](assets/images/chapters/bare-bones-bash/Datastream_showcase.png){#fig-Datastream_showcase width=100%}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![This program (in the form of a bash script executed in the terminal) takes no input, and prints one line to the stdout and one line to the stderr.](assets/images/chapters/bare-bones-bash/Datastream_showcase.png){#fig-Datastream_showcase width=100%}
```

#### Piping

A "pipe" (`|`) is a really useful feature of `bash` that lets you chain together
multiple commands! When two commands are chained together with a pipe, the
`stdout` of the first command becomes the `stdin` of the second (@fig-Piping)!
The `stderr` is still printed on your screen, so you can always know when things
fail.

> ![Diagram showing stdin going into the program, and two output streams from the program: stderr and stdout, with the stdout being attached to the stdin of a second program](assets/images/chapters/bare-bones-bash/Piping.png){#fig-Piping width=80% fig-align="center"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Diagram showing stdin going into the program, and two output streams from the program: stderr and stdout, with the stdout becoming the stdin of a second program.](assets/images/chapters/bare-bones-bash/Piping.png){#fig-Piping width=80% fig-align="center"}
```
